I saw a study this week they asked 4000
men and women from all over the world
how long a sexual encounter should last
and this was interesting women said sex
should last 25 minutes and 51 seconds
and men said it should go 25 minutes and
43 seconds only 8 seconds off which is
very surprising and I think it's
important to note that the question was
how long should sex last not how long
does it actually last if that was the
question I don't know that men and women
would be so close so we sent a camera we
got a camera out on Hollywood Boulevard
cousin Sal is out there right now so
this is our couple can you hear me right
now okay good take can't hear me so they
don't know what the question is right so
I don't know what these people know just
okay all right all right so let's have
them remove the headphones and first of
all let me ask what is your name Nicole
Nicole and Derrick Nicole and Derrick
how long have you been together are we
began for 14 years
how did you meet I'm just on the street
on the dish I was getting some jerk
chicken all right all right so I'm gonna
ask you a question okay and what I would
like you to do is write your answer down
okay and don't reveal the answer until I
ask you to a note peeking at each
other's cards okay the question is on
average how long does a sexual encounter
between you last how long the minutes
you know or seconds whatever I don't
know whatever it is Oh Nicole was very
quiet attack
hey Derrick's really Derek is thinking
about the ramifications here
what do you how much could you be
writing all right let's okay so let's
start with Nicole Nicole how long does
it last
oh come on an hour that would be 60
minutes then Derrick you say you know I
said sex not an energy drink right four
hours well well why isn't it cold saying
an hour who are you with or you have
three other women all right Nicole is
that true is it anywhere close to four
hours depends on the day okay all right
what like a leap day or something is
right all right we've got we need to
honest pedestrians cell all right yeah I
wish I had jerk chicken but yeah what do
you have for them as two boxes of wine
here take one okay
yes there you go and one that's an egg
and an egg timer count a an egg timer
right somebody else shall with it
[Applause]
[Music]
200 employees here no one can help out
with stuff huh all right let's meet up
here we got right there they are I
assume they don't know what what has
been going on all right go ahead and
take off those headphones and what is
your name Vicky Vicky and Greg right
Vicky and Greg all right I would have
guessed that probably Vicky and Greg
where are you from Kansas City Kansas
City and how long have you been together
Oh for about 28 years 28 years old
that's a long time did you meet on the
street in school in school okay
all right what class did you meet in I
you know I don't know I didn't really
talk to him a whole lot by eighth grade
okay all right you guys talk now yeah
all right so what I'd like you to do is
no talking here what I want you to do is
write your answer to this question down
okay and don't show each other the
answer and please try to be honest we
had a couple here
moments ago who could not have been
farther off and it was ridiculous all
right okay so when you make love yeah I
assume you make love
how long does it take how many minutes
does it take I'm glad we've got a
nine-year-old standing right behind
Sallis that kid what his name is goat
your name
Jace Jace Jace do you know what's going
on here
yeah we got suspended first thing in the
morning oh all right
so Vicki let's start with you Vicki what
do you say
15 minutes 15 minutes all right Greg
Greg says wait
sometimes it's one you guys have been
god bless you've been together for a
long time if all right so again we've
learned nothing all right thank you jar
of oysters in an hourglass all right all
right all right let's bring one more
couple in here and see if we can get
some kind of I know something on it out
of this all right is but Oh - guys all
right what is your name John Ross Ross
and John you guys are couple yeah yeah
how long you been together two years in
March two years in March okay I'll go
with that one are you married or are you
just like dating oh you're married newly
engaged aged newly Oh
John have a ring and you don't Ross cuz
I haven't proposed Jack oh you have to
propose back yes the rules
so technically are you engaged I am yes
all right okay so the question is this
when you make love how long does it take
in minutes how long is your lovemaking
session so let's quickly check back in
with Jason what's this exciting case
where are you from Texas Texas Oh No
yeah this is not gonna go over well back
home all right Ross and John Ross you
begin how long does it take Ross Ross
says until I fall asleep
how many minutes is that run down what
would you say okay all right all right
John John says 30 what'd I get
all right so what do we have the Ross a
job
yeah gift cards to Hooters
[Applause]
but fun thank you for playing it thanks
for sharing congratulations on making it
to the end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it